{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil Calibri;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ul\b\f0\fs40\lang9 REQUIREMENTS OF CAB TICKET BOOKING\par
\ulnone\b0\fs24\ldblquote\b Cab Service Management System\rdblquote\b0 , is a web-based application useful for car travel agencies for handling office works. This project aims at managing overall car services by handling finance, human resource, maintenance and movement in addition to details of customers, employees, payment and cars.\par
\b\fs28 Requirements :\par
\fs24 User access system :\b0\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj In these users are able to provide their details of starting location and destintion. After that User can able to check the availability of cabs with details including vehicle details, daily rental details, outstation rental details etc. can be accessed by  the users. After that they can be able to select the cab and able to book for it. \par
After booking they can able to track the cab and the estimated pickup time. This system also provides option for cancellation and if the passenger cancelled the cab within 2 minutes their will be a refund. if not , their will be extra charging on their next ride.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\fs28 LOGIN PAGE:\par
\b0\fs22 1. The login page should be crysp and attractive with colour shades of blue and orange(it should make the passenger to login)\par
2.the login page should have,\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 space for user name (or )email  ,\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}space for password ,\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}space for login \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}space for signup ,\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}space for entering otp -OTP shold shared to the registerd mobile number and email instantly after entering otp the page should redirected to the home page \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}space for forgot password ,\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Forgot password :\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\sa200\sl276\slmult1    Incase when passenger forgots password and wants to reset the password there should be a strong security 2 step verification , OTP - should sended to their registered mobile number and mail and then, BOT verification (captcha)\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\fs24 Signup page:\b0\fs22\par
\f1\bullet User name (Text field with minimum 6 Characters)\par
\bullet Email Id (Email field)\par
\bullet Password (Password field with minimum 8 alphanumeric characters)\par
\bullet Confirm Password (Password field, check whether the given data matches to the password on the above field)\par
\bullet A Submit button (validate the datas entered by the user by confirming that there is no other user accounts existing with the same email id)\par
\bullet On registration each user must be given an authentification code which is given to them through email or text message.\f0\par
\b Home page :\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 After login and before entering into the main page wants to ask permission for sending messages and calls to their registered mobile number and email for their future ride updatess\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}The home page UI and designs should be crisp and attractive. The home page colour should be based on shades of blue and orange. \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}After getting into main page there should be  a \ul\b search option\ulnone  \b0 to search for  their boarding point and destination point,in the top of the search option there be a icon for inbuilt option as (home,about,profile,account settings, edit profile,logout)\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}There should be a auto locate option for choosing their live location pickup point.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}after sucessful booking of the cab OTP should be sended to the passenger who books to their contact info. When picking the passengers otp will connect the right passenger and the driver\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}there should be option for choosing vechile types in that. after clicking  choose vechile option it should should show the vechile that ,\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Auto seat upto 3 passengers . each passenger can carry a small size bags .\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Micro and Mini \b - \b0 Micro and Mini can seat upto 4 passengers and can accommodate up to 2-3 small size bags.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Prime Sedan \b - \b0 Prime Sedan can seat upto 4 passengers and can accommodate up to 3-4 medium size bags or 2 large bags.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Prime SUV \b -\b0 3-4 medium size bags or 2 large bags.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Cab-Booking page \b0 :\par
Cab-booking page also need colorful design and user friendly and should have the details of available cabs, price details, time and date details. And able to select the necessary cab and then redirect to details page\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Provides the details of available cabs.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Different types of vehicles.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Price details.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Then user need to provide time and date.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 From these page it will redirect to Details page\par
\b Details page\b0 :\par
This page contains the map details of cab help the users to track the location of the cab. This page should be flexible to attach map details.\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Contains map details\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Cab tracking facility\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Payment :\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1  After choosing their vechile the page shold be redirected to the payment page \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}their should be 2 methods of transactions \par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 UPI ( Unified Payements interface) \b - \b0 there should be option for entering their UPI Id details and password \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1                there shold be space for submit option after submitting their transaction  details the page shold be redirected to banking OTP page if the passenger entering the wrong otp there should be a pop up message as your entered a wrong otp. \par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Google pay\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}phonepe\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}patym\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}amazon pay\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1        2. Debit card :              \par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 there should be a space to enter card number 16 digits and then, name on the card (eg:ABHINAND M) and then there should be space to enter a card validation month and year (eg:02/24) after that there should be a space to enter CVV (CARD VERIFICATION VALUE)number 3 digit .\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b INVOICE :\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 After a sucessful payment the invoice should sended to their registered mobile number ,email and whatsapp .They should able to download the invoice in gmail and whatsapp.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\fs28 Admin access system\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs24 Login page:\par
\b0 Contain navbar with company logo and about option for company details. Then has the field for entering user name and password. After that contains a login button to login to the admin page.\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj Field to user name and password.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Login Button\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj After verifing the user name and password, it will redirect to admin page .\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Admin page:\par
\b0 Admin can able to see the details of no: of users and their details and also able to see the no:of cabs and thier details too. Here admin can monitor the overall performance of the app and also able to see the profit level of the app and user experince and feedbacks and reports by the users.\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Space for no:of users and no:  of cabs\b\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\b0 Also have the a graph space for showing the profit level\b\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\b0 FeedBack receiving area and report receiving\b\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0  \b\par
\fs28 Driver access system\par
\fs24 Driver login:\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\b0 This page contain an attractive design and input fields to enter the user name and password for the drivers. After entering the user name and password the click login button to sign in. If they doesn't have an account then they need to click sign up option they will redirect to registration page.\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Input field for entering user name and password.\b\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\b0 Forgot password option\b\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\b0 login button\b\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\b0 Sign up option\b\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 If clicking login button they will redirect to Driver-Home page.\par
If clicking sign up button they will redirect to registration page\par
\b Driver-Registration page:\par
\b0 This page is for register the details of cab and drivers and their contacting details. This page also check about the verification of details that enter by the user. \par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Field for entering name, phone\b\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\b0 Field for providing Driving license\b\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\b0 Field for entering vehicle number\b\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\b0 Vehicle type details entering field\b\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\b0 Submit button for registeration\b\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 After clicking submit button it redirect to login page.\par
\b Driver-Home page:\par
\b0 This page contain the details of user booking to the the cab, i.e the notification from user to driver which the driver can able to accept or decline. Also provide space for showing the nearest cab details. Cab availability management setting.\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Space for showing other cab details.\b\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\b0 Notification receiving space with accept and decline button.\b\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\b0 Cab availability changing button\fs22\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1  \par
\b\fs28\par
\fs40\par
\tab\tab\tab\b0\fs22\par
}
 